README.md, before:

# kitchen-transport-train

## Summary

Kitchen transport to use any Train backend, which makes Test Kitchen much more modular with regards to target machines.

As Train OS Transports were inspired from Kitchen, they provide an almost identical API. This transport is basically an adapter to use Test Kitchen with all OS-style Train transports.

In contrast to normal Kitchen transports, this does not support the `kitchen login` command as Train is inherently non-interactive. An error will be displayed if you try to use this command.

## Examples

Legacy configurations for easy SSH/WinRM connections are supported. This transport will automaticially detect Unix (`ssh` backend) and Windows (`winrm` backend) systems.

```yaml
---
transport:
  name: train
  backend: ssh # optional
  ssh_key: ~/.ssh/testkitchen
```

```yaml
---
transport:
  name: train
  backend: winrm # optional
```

Train-oriented configuration can optionally specify the `backend` transport and then add the transport-specific configuration values:

```yaml
---
transport:
  name: train
  backend: ssh

  # Use the selected Train transport options here 1:1
  key_files: '...'
  compression: true
  ...
```

## Link to Train transport options

Options `user`, `host` and `password` (for kitchen-ec2 and Windows instances) are set automatically.

- [AWS Session Manager Transport](https://github.com/tecracer-chef/train-awsssm/blob/master/lib/train-awsssm/transport.rb#L8-L14)
- Docker Transport: no additional options
- [Serial/USB Transport](https://github.com/tecracer-chef/train-serial/blob/master/lib/train-serial/transport.rb#L8-L22)
- [SSH Transport](https://github.com/inspec/train/blob/0b9fd4556745d767c9dac2a83d5323e6b7025872/lib/train/transports/ssh.rb#L45-L74)
- [Telnet Transport](https://github.com/tecracer-chef/train-telnet/blob/master/lib/train-telnet/transport.rb#L8-L20)
- [WinRM Transport](https://github.com/inspec/train-winrm/blob/980190e44571787c7b60614257bd6dc2bd8a337d/lib/train-winrm/transport.rb#L52-L76)

Commit message:

Add properties to use Test Kitchen with Chef 19 Target Mode (#1)
* Add credentials file generation
* Fix disparity to TestKitchen SSH; Fix user passing

README.md, after:

# kitchen-transport-train

## Summary

Kitchen transport to use any Train backend, which makes Test Kitchen much more modular with regards to target machines.

As Train OS Transports were inspired from Kitchen, they provide an almost identical API. This transport is basically an adapter to use Test Kitchen with all OS-style Train transports.

In contrast to normal Kitchen transports, this does not support the `kitchen login` command as Train is inherently non-interactive. An error will be displayed if you try to use this command.

## Examples

Legacy configurations for easy SSH/WinRM connections are supported. This transport will automaticially detect Unix (`ssh` backend) and Windows (`winrm` backend) systems.

```yaml
---
transport:
  name: train
  backend: ssh # optional
  ssh_key: ~/.ssh/testkitchen
```

```yaml
---
transport:
  name: train
  backend: winrm # optional
```

Train-oriented configuration can optionally specify the `backend` transport and then add the transport-specific configuration values:

```yaml
---
transport:
  name: train
  backend: ssh

  # Use the selected Train transport options here 1:1
  key_files: '...'
  compression: true
  ...
```

## Link to Train transport options

Options `user`, `host` and `password` (for kitchen-ec2 and Windows instances) are set automatically.

If you want to use `kitchen-ec2` with the `root` user however (as needed in Chef 19 Target Mode), you need to additionally specify `train_user: root`. This is due to a long-standing bug in Kitchen-EC2 where the standard platform's autodetected user will override manually specified `root` values.

Standard and community-supported options for transports:

- [AWS Session Manager Transport](https://github.com/tecracer-chef/train-awsssm/blob/master/lib/train-awsssm/transport.rb#L8-L14)
- Docker Transport: no additional options
- [Serial/USB Transport](https://github.com/tecracer-chef/train-serial/blob/master/lib/train-serial/transport.rb#L8-L22)
- [SSH Transport](https://github.com/inspec/train/blob/0b9fd4556745d767c9dac2a83d5323e6b7025872/lib/train/transports/ssh.rb#L45-L74)
- [Telnet Transport](https://github.com/tecracer-chef/train-telnet/blob/master/lib/train-telnet/transport.rb#L8-L20)
- [WinRM Transport](https://github.com/inspec/train-winrm/blob/980190e44571787c7b60614257bd6dc2bd8a337d/lib/train-winrm/transport.rb#L52-L76)
